ah paris new york
london many people want to visit these
cities and have an
unforgettable experience but how about a
trip to
lesser-known but stranger places to the
village for example
where only little people live or a city
built of diamonds
here's a guide to these places you walk
through the painterly mountains of
southern china in yunnan province
you enjoy beautiful views of nature and
a lack of civilization
clouds gather over the mountains and
raindrops fall in your head
the nearest settlement is quite far away
and you want to find a cave to wait out
the storm
while looking you come across a path
which leads you to the entrance of a
strange village
the village is inhabited by little
people you ask where you are
but they don't answer only telling you
to hurry up
you can't be late for the show you head
deeper into the village
and find plenty of very small houses
they're so small
that you could hardly fit inside even if
you wanted to
the houses are built of clay and stone
and resemble small
castles they're fabulous little people
exit the houses and hurry toward the
main square
you follow them along the way you see
statues of fairies
dolls of large multi-colored butterflies
round silver balls
the locals wear strange costumes knights
armor
princess dresses green tunics yellow
cloaks
you finally reach the main square and
what looks like an amphitheater
little people are fighting with swords
on the main stage
dancing singing songs accompanied by
cheerful music
it's a performance a show put on by the
inhabitants of the village
and by the way you owe 15 bucks for
entry
more than 10 years ago chinese
businessman chen mein jing
invested 14 million dollars in creating
a theme
town populated only by little people so
in 2009 he created this unusual village
about 100 people live in the town no one
is more than four feet
three inches tall or more than 50 years
old
every day this place attracts hundreds
of tourists
the residents arrange a spectacular show
for them
well this is concerning to some people
the villagers have a job
and often better living conditions than
they had before
the residents are happy here all workers
in the village get paid about 320
a month and receive free housing with
food
many little people around the country
come to this place to find a new home
and a new family if they have nowhere
else to go
our next stop is also located in china
this is
another very unusual village almost all
the houses here are luxury villas
helicopters fly around like a local taxi
service
a 72-story skyscraper with golden
sculptures inside
stands in the center of the village and
almost every resident is a millionaire
this is huawashi which is considered the
wealthiest village in all of china
the population is 2 000 people each new
resident of this village is given a
large villa
and a car by the authorities inside the
village there is a theme park with
historical attractions
a fake but high quality piece of the
great wall of china
and even an opera house the village is
strictly guarded
and only certain people are allowed to
enter however
no one understands the exact reason for
this village's success
residents don't share the secret about
all this money
and journalists can't get in without
special permission
but officially the village has achieved
such luxury
because people pay most of their
salaries to the state
our next stop is germany the small town
of knurlington
at first glance this is an ordinary
european town
with beautiful architecture and small
cozy streets
but if you look at the city from afar it
seems to you that it glistens in the sun
the entire town is located in a pit
residents were sure for a long time that
they had lived
in an extinct volcano's crater but in
the middle of the 20th century
american geologists noticed that the
crater didn't look like a volcanic one
after more studying they learned the
secret of the city
an asteroid fell here about 15 million
years ago
the asteroid was so hot that the carbon
bubbles inside it
turned into small diamonds when people
were building this city on the crater
they had no idea they had been building
it with the precious gems
since the diamonds are hardly visible
the locals never paid much attention to
the fact
that the city walls were unusually shiny
in the sun
the streets shops bars and houses of our
next town
are all underground this is a small town
of kuberpedi
australia as you approach you'll see
pipes sticking out of the ground
billowing with smoke there are signs
everywhere
warning people about unmarked holes head
over
or more specifically head underground to
any house
and you'll find yourself in a place
where the ground replaces the typical
walls and wallpaper
but this is not the only cool feature of
this city
most opal sold around the world are
mined
in this city the first opal was found in
the ground here in 1915.
since then people have been coming here
to search for the precious stones
there are no mining companies here
because you can't find opals using
exploratory drilling
to find one you just need to dig and
keep searching
people come to this town rent land dig a
hole
and build a house right in the ground
hey
do you like cats then come to aoshima
island japan
there are lots of kitties here even more
than people
cats are everywhere and they live here
thanks to fish
once upon a time this place was full of
mice that bothered the fishing boats
so cats were especially brought in to
fight the rodents
after that the cats settled here and now
they're considered
full-fledged residents of the island
get thorn is a small town in the
netherlands
the place where you won't hear sounds
louder than the singing of birds
according to locals all because there
are no
cars here why do they need cars when
there are no roads
githorn is considered the venice of the
netherlands
instead of roads there are small river
channels
residents move in small boats with a
silent motor
the city looks like a paradise or a
fairy land
beautiful cozy houses small bridges rich
green vegetation and thousands of
blooming flowers
for our next town imagine you're a
fisherman on a small italian
island near venice the island is
surrounded by water channels where you
swim or fish
but when fog falls on the island you
can't distinguish your home from the
others
to solve this problem you paint it pink
according to legend
this is why all the houses in burano are
brightly colored
the houses here are painted in bright
pinks yellow
green turquoise and other colors every
two years
residents update the paint on their
homes to maintain the beauty of the city
if you buy a house here you have to get
a special permit to paint it
and the color is chosen according to a
special system
developed many centuries ago i guess
this is one place
where it's against the law to paint the
town red
and don't even try to have the blues
here
okay i'll stop
[Music]